
#### ScatterMyRelVals 
  Tools for scatter plots of two different RelVals  
  
###### Workflow
1. (optional) Make pickle file that contains all the information on the currently available relvals: Run `python findMyRelvalFilesFromEOS.py` on lxplus. It takes two more arguments, `--pattern='CMSSW_X'` defines a pattern that is searched for in the release directory name. The default is `--pattern='CMSSW_7'`, i.e. the full 7X series. The second argument `--outputFile='relValFiles_73X.pkl'` specifies the output file. The file stores a python dict with structure `{'releaseTag':[/eos/.../filename.root, ...], ...}` and can also be created by hand.
2. Write the event information: Run `python writeAllEventInformation.py` to write the root files that store the event information. It creates a temporary release area.Arguments for `writeAllEventInformation`: The input pickle from the previous step (`--input=='relValFiles_73X.pkl'`), the path to a temporary directory (`--tempdir='some/path'`) and a pattern that is searched for in the keys of the relval dictionary (`--pattern='RECO'` would find all RelVals with 'RECO' in their releaseTag). The available release tags can be found by using an empty pattern and the `--p` option. This latter options only pretends to write the event information. If `--inputDir` is specified, the root files in this directory are used. In that case, use `--miniAOD` to run over miniAOD. The option `--outputFile` can be used to specify an output file.
3. Scatter! Issue `python scatterPlots.py --xAxis=M1:/path/file1.root --yAxis=M2:file2.root --plotDirectory=/path/to/your/plots` and look at the results. M1 and M2 are monikers that go on the x and y axis. If the events in both files are the same, you'll see mostly diagonal structures. If the events in the two files are different (typically, this means that GEN-SIM was redone for MC) the distributions will be uncorrelated and the profiles flat. There's little to be learned in the latter case.

A working example can be found in MetTools/ScatterMyRelvals/python/test.sh
